This is a new cpp interface for the simulation tool [opensim](). This interface uses Qt and VTk instead of the current Java netbeans interface. This makes it easier for cpp developers to help with extending and improving this interface as Qt and VTK have better support in the opens-source community.  

Note:

1. Cpp code must be well commented in away that an automatic API documentation is generated by doxygen.
2. Cpp code must have a printing text that print equivalet python script. 
   - For now just printing for debugging until the python milestone completed.    
3. Documentation should have graphs that explain different components.
4. The goal is to simplify the interface developement and extension.
5. Installation should package OpenSim, models and examples.  
6. suggested folders structure
   - Main
     - The main interface elements
   - Common
      - Elements needed by different tools 
   - Simulation
      - Simulation and Tools    
   - Visualiser
      - VTK related elements
   - Scripting
      - Using PythonQt and VTK python 
      - Python related elements
   - External
      - Eexternal tools element 
   -Docs    
      - Documentation 
TODOs:

The project has 5 milestones:

1. Building current interface
   - building an interface similar to the current.
   - open a .osim file
     - load its elements to the navigator.
     - load its element to the visualiser
   - edit external function
     - open the .osim file in a text editor 
   - reload current scene function.
     - close everything (save the paths of current loaded files)
     - reload everything. 
   - save functions: scene, model, element.
   - close functions: scene, model, element.
2. Simulation.
   - run the simulation and visualise the result
   - add simulation settings function
3. Tools 
   - add different tools functions
     - Inverse Kenimatics, Inverse Dynamics, ..etc 
   - add plugin function 
   - Plotting:
     - plotting functions
4. Python
     - implement current python scripting functions
5. Customisation
   - adding new model. 
   - modify model elements e.g. add,edit,remove a body 
   - compare models.
   - record script function
   - adding transformation function
   - adding registration function

Future work: 
   - starting OpenSim Python Project.
   - starting simpleOpenSim Python Project 
   - repository for plugins. 
     - users upload the plugin-source code
     - libraries for Windows, Linux and Mac are built (manually or automatic by a server).
  


 
